<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>I</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-1" epub:type="chapter">
			<p>It wasn’t Archie’s fault really. Its true he went to America and fell in love with Lucille, the daughter of a millionaire hotel proprietor and if he did marry her⁠—well, what else was there to do?</p>
			<p>From his point of view, the whole thing was a thoroughly good egg; but Mr. Brewster, his father-in-law, thought differently, Archie had neither money nor occupation, which was distasteful in the eyes of the industrious Mr. Brewster; but the real bar was the fact that he had once adversely criticised one of his hotels.</p>
			<p>Archie does his best to heal the breach; but, being something of an ass, genus priceless, he finds it almost beyond his powers to placate “the man-eating fish” whom Providence has given him as a father-in-law</p>
			<p class="center">P. G. Wodehouse</p>
			<p class="center">AUTHOR OF “THE LITTLE WARRIOR,” “A DAMSEL IN DISTRESS,” “UNEASY MONEY,” ETC.</p>
			<p class="center">NEW YORK GEORGE H. DORAN COMPANY COPYRIGHT,1921, BY GEORGE H, DORAN COMPANY COPYRIGHT, 1920, BY INTERNATIONAL MAGAZINE COMPANY<br/>
			(COSMOPOLITAN MAGAZINE)<br/>
			PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA<br/>
			<br/></p>
			<p class="center">DEDICATION<br/>
			TO<br/>
			B. W. KING-HALL</p>
			<p class="letter">My dear Buddy⁠—</p>
			<p class="letter">We have been friends for eighteen years. A considerable proportion of my books were written under your hospitable roof. And yet I have never dedicated one to you. What will be the verdict of Posterity on this? The fact is, I have become rather superstitious about dedications. No sooner do you label a book with the legend⁠—</p>
			<p class="center">TO MY<br/>
			BEST FRIEND<br/>
			X</p>
			<p class="letter">than X cuts you in Piccadilly, or you bring a lawsuit against him. There is a fatality about it. However, I can’t imagine anyone quarrelling with you, and I am getting more attractive all the time, so let’s take a chance.</p>
			<p class="right">Yours ever,<br/>
			P. G. WODEHOUSE.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
